
ca: 2:23:xx ...
  Schiff - b'sirah
  
  he swims -  hu soche
  is it dangerous here                - me sukan kan
  "               to hithchike alone  - b'trempin
  "               to go for a walk 

  we must turn around - anachun zrichim ...

  where can one park here - eipho efschar lachnot
  is there a parking lot here - jeschkan chanaja
  how long can one park  - kama zman efschar lachnot kan
  do you ski  - ata golesch ski
  do you take the skilift to the top - ata ole b....
  can one rent skis here - nitan l'skor ....

ca 2:42
  
   I'd like a guide who speaks german - ani mechapeset ... germanit
   "                           italien  ani mechpaset  ... italikt
   "                           french   ani mechapes madrich dover zarphatit


ca 2:43 / 42 arbaim u schtaim
  city tour - ciur ba'ir

  is the market open on sundays - haim ... b'emey rischon

  is the fair open on mondeys       haim haraid b'emey schani
  is the exipition open on tuesday  haim               schlischi
  is the zoo open on wednesdays     haim  .. gan hach...
  is the museum open on thursdays   haim               hamischi
  is the gallery open on frideys    haim ha'galleryia ptucha ...

  can one take fotographs    mutar le'zalem
  does one have to pay an entrayce | haim hakniza betaschlum
  how much is the entrance fee | kama ola hakniza
  is there a discount for groups | jesch hanache l...
  is                      children| jesch hanacha l'ladim




ca 2:48   at the zoo  - began ha tachajot
  the girafes are there  - scham nimzajot ha giraffim
  where are the bears - eichan nimaim ha
  where are the elefants - eichan nimaim ha pillim
                snakes - ... hanichaschim
                lions - ... ha h'areyot

  i have a camera - jeschli mazemah
  i also have a video camery - jeschli gam masreta
  where can i find a battery - eichan ha'solela
  where are the pinguins -- eichan nimzaim ha pinguinim
  ... kangooros - ... ha kanggooro
  ... the rhinos - ... ha karnafim
  where is the toilt - eichan hascherutim
  there is a caffee overther - schim nimza beith ha'caffee
  ... restuarant .. - scham jesch mizadah
  where are the camels .. eichan nimzaim ha'gmalim
  where are the gorillas and the zebras - heichan nimzaoth ha gorilloth vehazebroth


ca 2:52 arbaim ve arba (44)
  going out in the evening -lazet ba erev

  is there a disco here - jeschkan diskothek
  is there a night club here - jeschkan moadon laila
  ... a pub - pub
  what's playing at the theatre this evening - ... ba theatron
     at the cinamin ... - eize ...

  what's on tv this evening - ma jesch ha erev ba televisia

  are tickets for the theatre still available - efschar adain le asig 
  are                 cinema                                   le hasig kartissim lakolnoa
      ... socker game - jesch adain kartissim lemis'chag kadu regel

  i want to sit in the back - ani roza laschevet le'achor
  i want to sit somewhere in the middle  ... - ba'emza
                at the front - mikadima

  could you recommend something - tuchal lehzmliz maschehu
  when does the show begin - matai matchila haofiha
  can you get me a tickt - tuchli l...
  is there a golf course nearbe - haim jesch kan migrash golf
  is there a tennis court nearby - ....                  tennis ba'sviva
  is there an indoor 

2:57 / 45 arbaim ve chamesch

  at the cinema - ba'kolnoa

  we want to go the cinema - anachnu rozim laleched la kolnoa
  a good film is playing this evening - ha erev mezig zereg tov
  the film is brand new - ha sered chadasch legamri
  where is the cash register - eichan hakupah
  are seats still available - jesch adain komot
  how much are the admission tickets - kama ole kartiss
  when does the show begin - matai matchil haseret
  how long is the film - ma orech ha sered
  can one reserve tickets - efschar lehasmin kartissim

  i want to sit at the back - ani rozeh 
                       front - laschevet mekadima
                in the middle - laschevet ba'emza

  
   the film was exciting - hasered haja menajem
     not boring - hasered lo haja menaschejem

   but the book on which the film was bessed was better - aval ha sepher she ...  haja tov ...

   How were the actors - ech haju lakassanim
   were there english subtitles - haju ... be anglid


3:00:30  arbaim ve schech (46)

   ba diskothek

   is this seat taken

   may I sit with you - efschar laschevet jeladech
   sure - bevakashah

   how do you like the music - eich ...
   a little too loud - gzak loeschet ... midai
   but the band plays very vell - aval ... me-atov
   do you come here often - at megilla ... lechan krovot
   no this is the first time - lo zot paam ...
   i've never been here before - lo haiti kan ...
   would you like to dance - atah roket
   maybe later - ulai meuchar yoter
   I can't dance very well - ani lo yoda ....
   it's very easy - ze paschut meod
   I'll show you - ani aer leach
   Maybe other time - lo, ulai bepam lacheret
   are you waiting for somehting - at mek...
   yes for my boyfriend - ken, ...
   there he is - hine hu megia

3:04:20 arbaim ve scheva (47)
  
   preparing a trip

   you have to pack our suitcase - alecha  ... schelanu
   don't forget anything - al tischka klum
   you need a big suitcase - ata zarich misvagag .... yoter
   don't forget your passport - al tischka et hadar kon
   don't forget your ticket -  .. et kartiss z
    your traveler checkues - et hamchaot hanossim
   take some sun-tan lotion with you - kri creme vishuf
     .. the sunglasses - meschkafei schemesch
     ... sunhat - kova

  do you want to take a roadmap - haim at rozah ... kwischim
  do you want to take a travelguid - at rozeh lisgor madrich
  
  remember to take pants, shirts and socks - zecho, ... ha garbaim
  ... ties, belts and sports jackets -   a hinivot va  ... ha'jacketim

     .. pyjamis, 
     

# Sauna

ca 3:34

  I am looking for a baker's - ani mechapez kondituria #
  i actually plan to buy a ring - ani metachnetet liknot baat 
   a role of film - ani roza ...
   a cake - ani meonjam liknot uga

 i am looking for jeweller to buy a ring - ani mechapeset chanut tarshittim ...
   .. for a foto shop to buy a role of film - ani mechapeset chanut zilum kedei liknot ...
   .. for a bakers to buy a cake - ani mechapeset kondituria kedei liknot luga

ca 3:36 chamischim ve arba (54)

  I want to buy a present - ani roze liknot matana
  but nothing too expensive - aval lo maschehu jakar midai
  maybe a handbag - ulai tik yad
  which color would you like - b'eize zevah
